how to evacuate the sick and injured
from a hospital when there's no place
left in Gaza to take them 10 hospitals
remain open but on the verge of collapse
lacking critical supplies and staff
alifa was the largest and most advanced
Medical Facility in Gaza the World
Health organization's senior most
representative there says that while
many are focused on the deaths and
injuries caused by the bombardments the
Public Health crisis caused by the
blockade
threatens to keep gaza's Health System
crippled for months possibly years so
it's not just about how we Evacuate the
question is actually how can we
resuscitate these hospitals to continue
providing Services obviously in the in
the current context that is difficult
and we do need to get patients who
require urgent and critical care to that
care uh but at the same time we're
thinking and planning and trying to work
through how do we actually continue to
provide uh Ser services to the
population that remain North in those
hospitals what is clear is that we have
had in a few weeks thousands of children
killed so this is what matters we are
witnessing a killing of civilians that
is unparalleled and unprecedented in any
conflict since I am Secretary
General with civilians living in
overcrowded shelters and increasingly
exposed to the elements and a lack of
Clean Water there's worry that disease
could soon spread the United Nations
continues to negotiate to get more
critically ill and wounded patients out
of Gaza and more humanitarian assistance
in with the death toll continuing to
rise so too does the Secretary General's
call for an immediate humanitarian cease
fire Christen salumi Al jazer the United
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer